[MUSIC]
Hi everyone.
My name is Erin and
I am a privacy engineer at Google.
I work on speculative and
emerging technology.
So think of things that don't
exist in the world, and
that are coming within
the next two to five years.
My role is basically to take a look at
all of the things that we are creating
in terms of technology, and making
sure that privacy is embedded in that.
I am thinking for
users before they even touch the product,
making sure that when they utilize them,
they'll have some form of trust in
the engagement with that product.
As well as knowing that we
are protecting their privacy,
things that they don't want to share or
broadcast, and
making sure that they're informed
before they even touch the product.
I always talk about soft skills being the
most important thing over the technical
skills.
Because we can teach you anything but we
can't teach you how to relate to people.
That is something that
you bring to the table.
Diversity of thought and diversity
of perspectives are very useful in
understanding the world that we exist in.
Because if we are designing products for
everyday people,
we need everyday people to basically
help us understand those perspectives.
Because I may look at something one way,
but
my colleague may see it another way
based on their own experiences.
And so, when you work together and come
from different environments, you actually
bring more equity and more depth to
the things that you're looking at.
And the perspective that you bring
is the essential voice that is
required in order to
make a product better.
When you look at people who work in
journalism, or people who, like myself,
worked in entertainment, they are bringing
a different perspective for
how they would tackle something.
Or if we have a product where we
are trying to convince a product team that
maybe we shouldn't do this, it's always
helpful to say, from someone who worked in
journalism, do we really want
this to end up in The Times?
Probably not, right?
And that is a way to come at people that,
on the ground floor,
they understand what that looks like.
All of the experiences that you have
had from the time you were born to now,
they have been your experience.
And you have to think about that in terms
of where we're going with technology.
When we're developing for
a wide array of people,
your experience may be
someone else's experience.
And so if we don't have you in the room,
then we are missing the opportunity to
actually bring something beautiful,
I would say, to the equation.
Which is why I encourage people, please
come work with us in terms of technology.
Get involved in STEM because
the equity across product security,
privacy, you name it,
whether it be software engineering,
everything requires a different voice.
And it actually requires your voice.
[MUSIC]